Thank you. Thank you again. Thank you for coming. And this again, as we all know, this is one of
the very special moments and a special time and a special day for all of us, for all of us who are
connected to receive the teachings of the proponent of the Buddha Chakra Mani from this great
master.
For so many years we received rebut by the authentic teaching of the Buddha Chakra Mani. We show
ered by this great teaching practice, it's observing our heart and mind. Truly, this is what we
celebrated today.
We remember all the wisdom, all the wisdom and the concursions of the teaching of the Buddha and
all the great master that echoed throughout the Himalayan mountains and the Tibetans and all beyond
the Tibet and Kontuna came here.
And this great teacher brought such great teachings, authentic teaching of the Buddha Chakra Mani
that used to practice in India and matured so many beings in the enlightened state according their
practices.
And the offering of the Buddhist historicists on the three liberation status. Liberation state of
the Arhata, Liberation state of the Parthiya Buddha, and the Liberation state of the Bodhisattva Y
anas, their total enlightened state, and then truly the Vaidhyana states.
Those who attended teaching that brought to this country is one of the beacon of the great Buddhist
light that in this part of the world he truly was and he came, he left with beautiful magnificently
.
Exactly what the teaching said, exactly what we learned, this great master did exactly that way. He
came, he did, he left beautiful, he left beautiful monument, legacy, that we remembered through
generations to generations to come.
So today we're celebrating of his memories, but the same time we're celebrating of our old
achievement indeed, what we did throughout these last three years.
And through the assistance of the many devoted Sangha members, the dedication of the Sangha members
, truly we achieved so many marvelous things in this country and as well as out of this country.
That representative of the, always in the Buddha teaching said, that representative body of the
enlightened beings, that represent the speech of enlightened beings, that represent the mastermind
of the enlightened beings, that representative of the qualification of enlightened beings, that
represent the activity of the enlightened beings.
In that part context, we come, I think we did quite good, through again, everyone joined targets.
As this great master used to say, lifting the carpet from poor corners, corners, we truly, we left
the carpet from poor corners, we did.
Today we rejoice of all our teachings, the good things. Representative of the bodies of the
enlightened activity, Saki, look this, this beautiful image, that representative of the old lineage
, very important lineage master, that which is curved, again, dedicated Sangha members, Felix, many
of you know, his marvelous skills and dedication and love to the Dharma and the lineage, and really
he curved.
Those are the many of you, maybe we know. There is a great master, Subhchi, Saji, Yeshi, Rambuchi.
There is a great master, Patamba Saji, who was the founder of the Shivzi lineage, or the pacifying
suffering, that pacify the suffering lineage, and then, as well as great Taksanghamsa.
Right in front of the door, I believe, the first one is the tips of the Sangha also, that we
received this great teaching from these great masters, six, seven years ago, maybe, about that time
, in this marvelous, beautiful, incursivable, lawful land of the Vihara, in this beautiful place, we
received those teachings.
Authenticity, we observe and we preserve with our courage and commitment, devotion. Those are the
light, that so many, like, proper spirit, enlightenment.
There is nothing really different at all, is how we handle this. Those are the great teaching. Only
is question how we handle with devotion, courage, and commitment, and joyful effort.
And we have that enough. Those Taksanghamsa are the gingling lineage teaching. So many of whom are
rich in enlightenment.
And Taksanghamsa, himself, become the transcendental, versatile, random body, in the Buddhist
history, or the nimam of Buddhist history.
He is one of the great masters, who achieved the transcendental, versatile, random body, around the
11th century, or the 10th century.
He is one of the early, that great masters. And the next one is, I think, Rungzungpa, great master
of Rungzungpa.
We again had a great opportunity to receive from these great teachers, K.G. Paddy Kheranabud, who
gave the so detailed teachings, how to establish and bring out every phenomenon, systems in the
divine mandala, in light mandala.
That is the great master always in the nimam of Buddhist history. He said, "Great Rungzungpa, great
Rungzungpa, this is true as sun and moon."
I like in the Buddhist history, or the nimam of Buddhist history, in some scholars, particularly,
also, scholarly aspect of that.
Of course, they are totally enlightened beings. And I realize that I can't expect that so many
great beings come one after another.
But the scholarly aspect of that, these are two great teachers, Rungzungpa and as well as Nungzung
pa.
So, this is Rungzungpa's image.
And then, another one, the next one, is known as the iron breadboard.
Whenever you heard, he is one of the great, again, Mahasadas, great thetan, great master kundra,
great kundra, mentioned about him, to begin to mention about him.
He said, "When Guru Pima Sambawat came in the form through the womb."
That means according to his story, Guru Pima Sambawat appeared from the Lord, or middle of the Lord
was appeared.
But he, the great Nungzungpa said, "Guru Pima Sambawat came through the womb, through the womb."
And that is known as the tan-dungwa, the tan-dungjapawat.
His union of the Guru Pima Sambawat in the teaching said, "Hi, I'm Guru Pima Sambawat, target came
as one single form, the tan-dungjapawat, iron breadboard."
And whenever, again, I heard, I heard from his story, he was just among the first great men who
built the iron bread through the big rivers.
In the whole world, his story, I heard, I mean, you can correct those things, but I heard that he
is one of the really first great iron breadboarder that he built the iron bread from the big rivers
.
In Tibet, there is, you see, one hundred eight iron bread that he built, one hundred eight iron
breads.
And there's still, there's two of them left.
And his techniques are so unusual that that's who came in the 14th century, 14th century.
Until now, those irons, there's still those who are, which are their bread, because irons are not r
usted, rusted.
Many scientists are who think of how, what kind of technique he used. That's what they're used.
And also he was one of the, in the world level, of the kind of public service levels, as I said, he
built the iron, iron breads.
And as well as also, he is the first, I think, creator to be the Dharma, those are known as the pl
umber, the big kind of organized men, he created the Dharma.
And in the teaching said, or life story said, because there's so many four purpose, bagels and
hundreds, because particular hundreds, he liked to avoid that hundred, hundred.
But same time, those purpose are four, that they are hundred, not just for the pleasure, but they
are hundred for their perseverable, surviving purposes.
So therefore, he created this Dharma, known as plumber.
And there's a future plumber and they just started playing that through that, then they converted,
or they changed their profession into non-violent space.
So again, he was one of them. And then, a particular course, he developed so many Thema teachings,
a great lineage of orders.
And the teachings said, him many times went around the world, world, world, and benefiting so many
beings through his magic, or the worst of enlightened wars, said.
And so, he was also a long life, over 120, 110, 150, many purpose said that he stayed.
And in the area, for example, everybody thought he was a fast way, and right after that, somebody
saw different other places.
He still walking the same way, going different places.
So many purpose said that even though he showed at one place, he passed in some other areas, that
he is still active.
So he's just, that is kind of illusion, that of course in the teaching.
Always say that. So this is the great Thangthong pass, Thangthong pass.
And then, as well as, we have a beautiful statue, a beautiful statue of the Buddha Shakyamuni,
a marvelous statue of the Buddha Shakyamuni, about six feet, in another sight.
And as well as, then also we have a process of making the statue of the K.T. Vardhishara himself,
and his host, Duryubhuti,
and Yogi, Pima, Sucham, the Lama, Jancho.
That statue is a process of traumatic, and those are all representative of the body, the
enlightened body aspects,
a body of the enlightened activities.
And the speed aspect of the enlightenment, and again, we have to, there's so many things,
but again, in these last three years, we are able to publish an English version, about almost like,
about three, no,
no, seven volumes, seven books we are able to publish it, no, our seven books.
Our seven books we are able to publish it in honor, and as representative of the K.T. Vardhishara M
ookie,
and as well as, his own, Duryubhuti, and hidden Yogi Lama Jancho,
and as well as, all the linear masters.
So that we are able to publish it in the, in the, in the context of both each other, in the
devotion.
Hope this not just become the monument in one time, but in the teachings it, it will continue to
benefit.
For all the sentiments, as long as I always think, as long as the language of English existing,
books are published in English, will continue to ignite and inspire,
in the deepening of the practice of the Buddha, Dharma, that.
So we are able to do that.
And then representative of the speed, and what's the mind of the enlightened beings?
We are able to do this always in the stupas.
So we are able to do so many stupas through your understanding.
As you know, there is so many stupas surrounded in the memory of the K.T. Vardhishara Mookie,
and as well as three beautiful stupas above our five feet.
Handcraft, best crafts means, curve, three stupas.
One in the Karmic Republic areas, beautiful.
I have the great opportunity to part of that and concentrate on that last, my trip, this last month
.
And as well as, two beautiful stupas in Gauti monastery, and as well as, Rauti monastery.
Those are a compliment of the great wisdom, the mind of the enlightenment.
And the qualities and activities, then we continue to maintain of the qualities,
always in the teachings, the qualities of the enlightened beings is true love, devotion, bodhicata.
And those are, we try to maintain ourselves as much as we are able to do.
With our courage and commitment, we did something quite good.
We didn't decrease our devotion and joy and bodhicata, truly we suddenly increase it.
So therefore, increase it in a deepening, and those are the qualities of the old enlightenment.
Activities of the enlightenment beings, again, through their blessings, through their enlightenment
activities,
we continue to maintain the activities of all different activities that what we used to do.
So this is all as offerings and to the old enlightened beings,
and to our great teachers, Gauti bodhicata, Rauti.
And as well as, we rejoice of all our deeds. That's what we did.
So I'm so thankful, so grateful, all of you who participated in everything to come to this
beautiful time and beautiful places.
And thank you again. Thank you very much everyone's participation and everyone's joy and devotion.
We did this celebration. Thank you, thank you, and thank you.
And now I'm going to say last, to remembering, through this Anthony, our spirit is up.
Thank you everyone. Thank you. That was loud and clear.
Thank you everyone, please.
And then, I think the evening, I think whether it's rainy or not, I think that we usually do the
practices in the evening.
We do that in order to get there on the court day, right?